# People Ledger

```button
name Update People
type command
action People Mover: Kinetic: Collect @people into People ledger
color purple
```
^button-ksfn

## @Erin
- Commitment to @Erin: no masturbation for 30 days (starting 11/14/25) and she'll...y'know. @2025-11-19
- Date with @Erin @2025-11-19
	- Dropped kids off at Honnonegah for rehearsal (tech week)
	- We went to Texas Roadhouse for dinner. It was pretty good.
	- We went to Hard Rock Casino after and spent $140 playing the slots for an hour and a half or so.
	- It was a good time. I was present. Erin enjoyed it.



## @BryceAtor
- Meeting with @BryceAtor @2025-11-19
	- He says we shut Vanguard down again on a VMI part last Wednesday. He says Jake told Jaret to put in an issue for it.
	- Super ATV
		- Gregg called Bryce last week saying we need to have Jake on the internal call about Super ATV source directed components, even though we know basically nothing yet
			- We got costs from Super ATV for these components. We put a margin on the components and then added margin on the cost to kit
			- Super ATV says our kit pricing is good if we DON'T add a margin on the cost Super ATV pays for the components.
	- North American Lighting (Prospect)
		- Spend is $8-10 million. 3 sites in IL, 1 in MS
		- They're open to considering us.
		- Was in Bryce's name, so that fits.
		- Sounds like primarily make-to-print parts
		- They want us to quote a few parts to gage competitiveness
		- I told Bryce to proceed

- Meeting with @JakeSchmidt and @BryceAtor on SuperATV sourced components costing @2025-11-19
	- we decided to wait until we know more about kit costs (many components still high due to low volume initially quoted.)




## @Gregg
	- @Gregg wasn't there @2025-11-19



## @JakeSchmidt
- Meeting with @JakeSchmidt and @BryceAtor on SuperATV sourced components costing @2025-11-19
	- we decided to wait until we know more about kit costs (many components still high due to low volume initially quoted.)



## @JimDerry
		- He'll email the Elkay guys and @JimDerry today @2025-11-19
			(The "he" is Nick Cook)



## @Karla
- Call with @Karla on Boltwise @2025-11-19
	- on #P4 Boltwise project, she requested logins for all the LP guys from Cole. Should have them shortly.
	- she said she didn't see a future for Boltwise initially, but leadership said we're gonna do it.
	-



## @Kyle
- Brief Call with @Kyle (I initiated it) @2025-11-19
	- Re: his PA. Feedback forms to these people:
		- Jarod
		- Tyler P.
		- Joel
		- Mark Freeman
		- Charles Horgarg (UTLX VMI Rep)
		- Eli Cortes
		- Steven (engineer)
		- Jim
		- Gregg
	- **Kyle & Jarod are now splitting commissions**
		- Jarod is taking 1.5 % of Kyle's bigger accounts
		- Any new rail & rail repair accounts that come, Kyle & Jarod will split
		- Kyle feels okay about it.
	- He's going to meet with Gregg Cox about his compensation. (sometime next week)
		- I warned him about Gregg's perception



## @Miles
	- I got @Miles up at 6:50am and he had all sorts of trouble getting up @2025-11-19
		- we fought for a while, but luckily, we got out at about 7:30 from the house
		- This dude is a sensitive little guy and hugs when he's feeling stressed go a long way



## @NickCook
- Call with @NickCook @2025-11-19
	- Elkay Contract
		- Nick's strategy: use the old contract language--which had a max 6 months commitment with other fluffy language
		- He'll email the Elkay guys and @JimDerry today
	- Honeywell Tariff Surcharges
		- Nick told Josh at Honeywell that we won't bill any sites for the surcharge where their invoices were <$100 that month.
